Oobium Framework README

DESCRIPTION

  The open source Oobium project is a system for creating Java web
  applications and services with the aim of maximizing developer
  productivity and happiness.

  The Oobium framework is built on OSGi and applications built with it
  are also OSGi applications. Currently, exported applications run on the
  Apache Felix runtime.

  The Oobium framework is a full-stack system, using an MVC architecture
  and comprised of routing, logging, ORM, and even server modules.
  Everything you need to create and deploy web applications and services
  is included.

  The Oobium tools are built hand-in-hand with the framework to support
  building, exporting, and deploying applications.
  There are several integration points with Eclipse, such as builders
  and editors, but the primary interface is the Oobium Console which can
  also be run as a stand-alone SWT application.

  The Oobium project is usable in its current state, but should be
  considered Alpha level software and is a continual work in progress.

  All feedback is welcome and appreciated: jeremy@oobium.com

  Code well. Code happy.

DOCUMENTATION

  http://guides.oobium.org/

INSTALLATION

  Source:
    Import all projects into Eclipse
    Must be Eclipse 3.6 or later, and include JDT and PDE.

  Binary:
    Use the Eclipse update-site: http://oobium.org/updates
    Must be Eclipse 3.6 or later, and include JDT and PDE.

RUNNING

  Source:
    An Eclipse Launcher is provided in the org.oobium.framework project.
    Open this launcher and go to the "Plug-ins" tab.
    Click the "Add Required Plug-ins" button (on the right).
    Click the "Run" button (or the "Debug" button, if debugging).

  Binary:
    Once installed, there is nothing to do.

  The main component that developers will interact with is the Oobium Console.
  If this view is not visible already, open it via Window -> Show View...

  For command options invoke:

    $ help -la

  Example (this will create an application and start the server):

    $ create application com.test.blog
    $ start

  For a more in-depth example, see the Getting Started guide:
    http://guides.oobium.org/getting_started

LICENSE

  The Oobium framework (and accompanying tools) are licensed under the
  Eclipse Public License (EPL).
